node/state:bootstrap state api (#1057)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/features/1057-bootstrap-state-api.md

> - `[node/state]` Add API to bootstrap blockstore and statestore to a height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[node/state]` Add API to bootstrap block store and state store to a height
```

> - `[node/state]` Add API to bootstrap block store and state store to a height
>   ([\#1057](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/#1057)) (@yihuang)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[node/state]` Add Go API to bootstrap block store and state store to a height
  ([\#1057](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/#1057)) (@yihuang)
```
